All right so here we have it is case insensitive palindrome.
What's this asking is is a string that's passed in the same forward as it is backward ignoring the case
differences and you'll see here we have a B A.
That is true.
ABC would be false re some hints that I use to solve this I use join reverse to lowercase and split
quite a few compared to some of these.
I found this one to be pretty easy and straightforward.
It was good and jump into it.
All right so we know that it needs to be case insensitive and so there's two ways we can go about it
first.
We can change the string to lowercase or we can change it.
Uppercase.
I just happened to go for it to lowercase.
So that's what we're going to do.
So I'm going to create a constant here that's going to be called Original lowercase meaning that it's
the original input string except to lower lowercase
to lower case.
Excellent.
And now we're going to create the reverse version that we are then going to make in a comparison in
our return here.
So of course we just can't call this reversed or reversed word and we're going to set this equal to
input string to lower case and then we're going to split it into an array of characters.
We're going to reverse theory then we're going to join it back together.
All right.
And join back together.
All right now that we've now that we've made this string lowercase both versions all we have to do now
is return the comparison original lowercase is equal equal to the reversed word.
And if that's true
that breaks all.
Oh I forgot to reverse it.
That's why they are buzzer.
We forgot to return it.
So we split it and then we reverse.
I was like why isn't this working.
It's true.
Now looking at this I think there's one additional thing that we can refactor.
There's no reason to really call two lower lowercase on the input string here.
We've already lowercase to it and we can actually go ahead and do original lowercase r.
Or or or read you know or original or case this or that.
So oh my goodness
there we go.
Just a little spelling.
So we're changing one word Dillo.
We're changing the word to lowercase we're then splitting it in on each character reversing the array
and then joining it back together and making a comparison if they're equal then it is in fact a case
insensitive palindrome.